Name: Chakrya Ros.


1. Watch Disability and innovation

i. What are 3 specific tools/techniques that Haben Girma talks about that deaf and deafblind individuals use to communicate?

app(technology) for communication, tactile sign language and print on palm

ii. What are 3 kinds of rights that Helen Keller advocated for? Why does Haben Girma talk about Helen Keller?

women's right, diability rights and worker's right.
Heban Girma talk about Helen keller because


iii. According to Haben Girma, why do barriers exist? Name one barrier you have observed and one thing you think could be done to lower it.

barriers exists because of society that everyone created. Insurmountable barriers, everyone should have their own right to love someone that she or he love, families and communities should support his or her decision.

iv. What are 3 different accessibility features that Haben Girma references specific to software/computer technology?

voiceOver(screan reader), Dynamic type(for low vision), captioning(allow deaf that hard to hearing)

v. When should you start planning on incorporating accessibility features into your application? What metaphor does Girma use to illustrate this point?

planning on incorporating accessibility from very start to save the resource. she gave an example about someone builds skyscaper and forget to put an elevator, tear down part of the building and then install an elevator. That's more time comsuming and drain the resources.

vi. Who does accessibility increase access for? How?

for everyone and non-disabled users. beacsuse it's easy to access to information, new ways for people to connect and engage with each other.

vii. What are the two inventions that Girma mentions that were originally invented to address issues of accessibility?

 typewriters, email protocols(electronic mail)

viii. What is the last area that Haben Girma mentions as a place where we rarely seek innovation but has a lot of potential? Why does she say that this area has a lot of potential?

jungle gym because she said she could explore untile she finds the soultion by by touch, by sight and by sound. Haptic and technology to help disability person and also benefit to everyone.

2. Pick a website that you visit at least once a week. Answer the following questions about that website. Use complete sentences.

i. What is the website? (doesn't have to be a complete sentence)

www.google.com

ii. What are three aspects of this website that help it be more accessible?

searh information, email, map

iii. What are the accessibility critiques of this website? Do research to find reports about how well tools such as screen readers work on this site. Summarize the critiques you find and link your sources in your answer.

Google Impact Challenge: Disabilities. The program advances ideas and emerging technologies that increase independence and opportunity for people with disabilities. No, not work well. it's not compatible with all computer's system

iv. Propose some changes to the site that might address the critiques in #3. What are the pros/cons of these changes?

pros

The Google Impact Challenge: Disabilities aims to make the world more accessible for the 1 billion people living with disabilities.

cons

some operating systems are not supported







